---
title: Chapter Four
date: 2021-04-16
categories: [books, past nightmares. present ghosts. future fears., case i]
prev_post: 3
---
Reila glanced at herself in the mirror and grabbed a tube of dark red lipstick. She carefully applied the lipstick and grabbed her eyeliner. After applying that she stood back to examine the finished look. The long, brown wig was set in a braided high ponytail that highlighted her neck along with the gold choker. The lipstick and eyeliner brought out her cheekbones. She wore a black leather jacket with a red tank top underneath, black spandex that hugged her legs, and black boots with heels and gold trimming. At first glance, she looked like a no-nonsense biker and nothing like Reila Pru. Memories of another life flashed before her eyes and the man she once loved was smiling wickedly at her in the mirror. She blinked and he was gone. Reila took a deep breath and left her bedroom.

It was half past eight by the time she was done getting dressed and Reila still didn't feel ready to face Garth Lawrence. She doubted he would recognize her, if it was even the same Garth Lawrence. She grabbed her phone and sent a text to Jared telling him she would be at the rendezvous point in ten minutes. Now, all she had to do was get in her truck and actually start driving without having a PTSD attack. Reila took another deep breath. Her three dogs―Wolf, Knight, and Hunter―were patiently waiting for her in the living room. Knight, her fierce protector, immediately hurried to her side and placed his head under her hand. She smiled, she could always count on her dogs to be here for her when she needed comfort. She fed them and took a few minutes to pet them and let her nerves settle. Tonight was going to be a long night.

Twelve minutes later, Reila parked her truck and walked to where she said she would meet Jared and his partner. Jared looked calm and carefree as he leaned against his car. He wore a light jacket with denim jeans and sneakers. Robert was scowling next to him wearing similar clothing. As she approached, Jared looked up at her and stared, Robert did the same. Reila chuckled, placed a hand on her hip, and flung her braid behind her.

Robert cleared his throat, "Can we help you?"

She just raised an eyebrow.

Jared shifted, "We're waiting for someone."

Reila pointed at herself.

"No, not you." Robert chuckled.

She pretended to look hurt.

"Wait," Jared blinked, "Reila?"

She smiled.

"You look hot."

"Hot? That's the best you can do?" Robert chimed in, "You look like a badass chic who shouldn't be crossed unless you want a boot in the back and a black eye."

Reila chuckled again and blew him a kiss.

"Umm," Jared interjected,, "why exactly are you dressed like that?"

_If it really is the same Lawrence I don't want to be recognized, hence the getup._

"Yeah, but you sure stick out."

_Maybe, we'll see when we get there._

"We're going to a place full of men, you'll stick out easily."

She rolled her eyes and waved her hand at them, _Let's go already._

***

Lawrence's place was a midsized suburban home that looked normal enough, if one ignored the shiny, green Sudan that stuck out like a sore thumb and the cars that filled the driveway and piled onto the street. Music and partying could be heard down the block, disturbing the otherwise quiet neighborhood.

"He has a lot of followers." muttered Robert.

Jared frowned, "There were not that many here before and they were not partying like that."

"Maybe they're doing something special for New Year's?"

Reila took a deep breath and tried to calm her nerves, _Let's hope not, they're "celebrations" aren't exactly legal._

Jared turned to her, "Define 'aren't exactly legal.'"

She didn't answer him.

Reila took one last deep breath as they approached the front door. Jared reached up his hand to knock but Reila pushed past him, opened it, and stepped into the foyer.

People were everywhere, either talking, drinking, dancing, or a combination of the three. Reila, Jared, and Robert made their way through the foyer and into the living room―which was now being used as the dance hall. Despite Robert's comment, Reila didn't stick out at all. Most of the women were dressed in spandex or leather that hugged their bodies and highlighted the curves. The men wore a variety of clothes―from biker to office worker to college jock, all were accepted. A bar was off to the side, decked out with bottles of wine and beer. Club music boomed through speakers that were mounted on the almost every corner. If one didn't know better this place could actually be a nightclub.

"They sure know how to party," Jared muttered.

Reila tried not to examine anything too closely, it was a struggle not to walk back out and curl up in a room somewhere. The feeling worsened when she saw a man across the room, greeting guests and laughing with a bottle of beer in his hand. Garth Lawrence was here, right in Boise, right under her nose.

Jared jurked his head in Lawrence's direction, "Look who's here."

"Finally," Robert grumbled, "let's get this over with before I decide to get drunk."

Reila hesitated as they made their way towards the host. Doubt begin to creep up in her mind, it hadn't been that long since she had seen Lawrence, he could recognize her. All he had to do was make one phone call and her world, her home, would dissapear by tommorrow. A photo popped up in her mind of Greg and Cassidy smiling happily into a camera. Reila had seen the framed picture on their living room wall. New Year's was right around the corner and if Lawrence had taken Cassidy, Greg could be spending that day alone, mourning. She had to do this. Reila took another deep breath and followed after Jared and Robert.

***

Garth Lawrence was laughing when Jared and Robert walked up to him. He took one look at them and his smile dimmed slightly. "Can I help you two?"

"We're just enjoying your party." Jared smiled.

Lawrence raised an eyebrow, "Didn't know cops like yourselves would show up to a party like this one."

Jared shrugged, "Where else do you go when you're bored and free?"

Lawrence smiled, "You looking to get laid, detective?"

"Nah, just chilling. With my schedule and all, the women don't exactly care to stay. Not to mention I could get called at any moment. That wouldn't be good if I was in the middle of something like that, you can't leave a girl hanging."

"You could if you did it right."

Robert smirked, "He wouldn't know anything about doing it right, the kid is practically celibate."

"I am not!" Jared exclaimed.

"Really?" Robert smirked, "Who was the last woman you slept with and when was that?"

Jared opened his mouth and closed it back, "Umm, well, I would tell you but it's kinda a secret..."

"Yeah, sure. And when was this? Give us an estimate."

Jared smiled sheepishly, "It's been about two or three years."

Lawrence burst out laughing.

"Two or three?" Robert snickered, "That's some estimate, bub."

Jared rolled his eyes, "Whatever."

Lawrence clapped him on the shoulder, "I couldn't go that long, mate. You should get a reward for that."

Jared shrugged.

Reila smiled to herself and shifted, which brought her to Lawrence's attention. He looked her up and down and smirked to himself. "Who's your friend?"

Jared and Robert turned to her. "That's my friend, Janet." Jared winked.

"With friends like that, it's a wonder why you haven't gotten laid yet."

Reila, Janet, smiled and winked at Jared before turning to Lawrence. He looked like the same arrogant pain-in-the-butt she remembered. With a slight smile plastered on her face, she grabbed Jared's arm and pulled him off to the side. She could feel Lawrence's eyes on her until she rounded a corner.

It was easy to blend into the crowd of dancers and pretend she was one of them. In another time, the smile would have been real and she would've been pulling another man to dance with her under the strobe lights.

Reila shook off the memory and faced Jared, _You hear or see anything off?_

"Besides the drunkards and the drug abusers? No."

Reila wrapped her hands around his neck and began to move with the music. Jared placed his hands on her hips and followed her lead.

He leaned forward and breathed into her ear, "Are we being watched?"

She shrugged, it was always good to assume such things when you were on a mission.

Reila glanced to her left at another man she had recognized―one of Lawrence's close "followers". She didn't remember his name, but she did remember that he was a good shot and did some of Lawrence's dirty work. There was another man beside him who was good at "acquiring" things. On the other side of the room, she spotted a woman who used to be Lawrence's lover. That one had a sick obsession with knives.

"Who you looking at?" Jared murmered.

She smiled and mouthed "later."

If those three lackeys were here, Garth Lawrence & Friends were definitely up to something. All that was left was to confirm her suspicions and figure out where.

Reila moved her fingers from around Jared's neck down to his chest. "Let's go" she mouthed.

"Okay, babe."

Reila raised an eyebrow at him.

"If we're gonna play the part we might as well play it."

She rolled her eyes, grabbed his hand, and strode over to where she could still see Robert.

"Hey lovebirds," Robert remarked, "enjoying the party?"

"Sure, you?" Jared replied.

He held up a bottle, "Enjoying the beer."

"Can you take it to go? Janet is ready to go."

"Already? We've only been here for, what, half an hour?"

"So? A detective's schedule is weird like that."

"Fine, detective, see you later."

"Robert, I don't think you should stick around. If someone from the station sees you here they will have some questions."

"And, what? Am I guilty of something?"

"Rob―"

Reila tugged on Jared's sleeve, "Just leave him" she mouthed.

Jared sighed, "Okay, see you later."

Robert waved them away and ordered another beer.

Jared and Reila made their way towards the front door. Lawrence, rounding a corner, nearly bumped right into them, "Oh hey, living so soon, pal?"

Jared made a show of looking disappointed, "Yeah, apparently, I'm needed back at the station, again."

"A detective's life sucks, eh?"

Jared shrugged, "It has those moments."

Lawrence clapped Jared's shoulder, "Well, good luck catching the bad guys and come again next time, 'kay?"

Jared smiled, "When's next time?"

"Every other weekend if I can help it." Lawrence chuckled, "We're having a New Year's Party though, if you're free. I won't be here at the start, but my friends will be around."

Reila narrowed her eyes slightly.

"Sounds like fun, though I probably won't be off. Lots of people get crazy and do dumb stuff around New Year's."

"Sucks to be you, man. If you're free, stop by; if not, good luck."

"Thanks." Jared and Lawrence shook hands.

Lawrence looked at Reila, "Your girlfriend leaving too?"

"She's not my girlfriend, and yeah."

Reila smiled and waved at Lawrence as they walked through the front door.

"You don't talk much do you, sugar?"

"Nope," Jared replied, "she's kinda shy, believe it or not."

Lawrence smirked, "With a body like that you shouldn't be shy. Any guy you want you could probably have in seconds, doll."

The two waved at Lawrence again and walked down the street.

"That went well." Jared said.

Reila nodded.

"Where to next?"

Reila smiled, _Thought you had to go to the station?_ She signed.

Jared smiled back, "False alarm."

_Don't think so, I'll meet you there._

"Want to check something?"

Reila nodded and the two parted ways.

Lawrence, the egomaniac, just confirmed he had some plans for New Year's. All they had to figure out was where the real party would be, the one Lawrence would be attending first.